OSDOCS#13024: 4.17.11 z-stream RN (#86742)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

// 4.17.11
[id="ocp-4-17-11_{context}"]
=== RHBA-2025:0023 - {product-title} {product-version}.11 bug fix, and security update advisory

Issued: 08 January 2024

{product-title} release {product-version}.11 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:0023[RHBA-2025:0023] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:0026[RHBA-2025:0026] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.17.11 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-17-11-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, the certificate signing request (CSR) approver included certificates from other systems when it calculated if it should stop approving certificates when the system was overloaded. In larger clusters, where other subsystems used CSRs, the CSR approver determined that there were many unapproved CSRs and prevented additional approvals. With this release, the CSR approver will prevent new approvals when there are many CSRs for the `signerName` values that it observes, but has not been able to approve. The CSR approver now only includes CSRs that it can approve, using the `signerName` property as a filter. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-46429[*OCPBUGS-46429*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the certificate signing request (CSR) approver included certificates from other systems when it calculated if it should stop approving certificates when the system was overloaded. In larger clusters, where other subsystems used CSRs, the CSR approver determined that there were many unapproved CSRs and prevented additional approvals. With this release, the CSR approver prevents new approvals when there are many CSRs for the `signerName` values that it observes, but has not been able to approve. The CSR approver now only includes CSRs that it can approve, using the `signerName` property as a filter. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-46429[*OCPBUGS-46429*])
```

> * Previously, a hard eviction of a pod in a node caused a pod to enter a termination grace period instead of instantly shutting down and deleted by the kubelet. Each pod that enters a termination grace period exhausts the node's resources. With this release, a bug fix ensures that a pod enters a one-second termination grace period so the kubelet can shut down and then delete the pod. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-46364[*OCPBUGS-46364*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, a hard eviction of a pod in a node caused a pod to enter a termination grace period instead of instantly shutting down and deleted by the kubelet. Each pod that enters a termination grace period exhausts the node resources. With this release, a bug fix ensures that a pod enters a one-second termination grace period so the kubelet can shut down and then delete the pod. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-46364[*OCPBUGS-46364*])
```

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-possessives
> Do not use possessive ’s with inanimate objects.

* Previously, the permissions `ec2:AllocateAddress` and `ec2:AssociateAddress` were not verified when the `PublicIpv4Pool` feature was used, which resulted in permission failures during the installation. With this release, the required permissions are validated before the cluster is installed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-46360[*OCPBUGS-46360*])

> * Previously, users could enter an invalid string for any cpuset in the performance profile, resulting in a broken cluster. With this release, the fix ensures that only valid strings can be entered, eliminating the risk of cluster breakage. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45964[*OCPBUGS-45964*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, users could enter an invalid string for any CPU set in the performance profile, resulting in a broken cluster. With this release, the fix ensures that only valid strings can be entered, eliminating the risk of cluster breakage. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45964[*OCPBUGS-45964*])
```

- CPU set VS the `cpuset` field
If you want to use "cpuset" then should it be in back ticks?

Author: Thanks @xenolinux! I saw other instances of cpuset without backticks in our docs, so I will change this to CPU set.
